- ♪ MTV ♪
- I want you to come see
this place. This place is sick.
- All right. Sweet.
- I can't understand why nobody
sees my perspective
on the fact
that his sister called
and threatened to beat my ass.
- I had a great talk
with Gus-Gus.
I think we're, like, getting
closer than we've ever been.
- Think you might want
to pop through?
And I'm getting
a little nervous, though,
just having my best friend
Bethany back to the house
will make me feel better.
- Yeah, girl, I'm gonna make
that happen for sure.
- Can't wait to see
you here, baby.
- I'm gonna melt my hair.
♪ ♪
- ♪ I was just showing
no mercy ♪
♪ No I can't show no mercy ♪
♪ I'm an entrepreneur
so you know I can be sure ♪
♪ I don't
with no coworking ♪
- I figured she'd probably
think I was a little bit crazy
from my reputation.
- ♪ But this is what happens
when your talent ♪
- Here we go. Bethany's about
to be here.
Who that?
- Who it is?
- I'm excited.
Good energy every time
with her around.
- Oh, cute!
- Hey, bitch.
- Hey.
- How you doing?
- What's up with you?
- What's up, boo?
- You got bags? I can help you.
- I got several.
- All right.
- Yo, is this--
- I'ma need the muscle.
- Is this this Bethany
I've been hearing about?
- Who are you?
- I'm Gussy. Are you Bethany?
All right. You've probably
been hearing things.
- You know I'm
hearing some...
- The reason I didn't meet
Bethany last time,
because me and Candace
were obviously in a fight.
Yeah. I'm leaving.
I'm not playing
these games with y'all.
So I don't know
if that's gonna put, like,
a bad taste in Bethany's mouth,
and I just hope she gives me
the benefit of the doubt.
- Hey, baby mama. How are you?
Oh, oh, oh, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait, wait.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Oh, you put it him.
♪ Put it him,
make him want to marry me ♪
Okay, okay.
- Bethany just got here,
and her energy is already,
like, making everyone happy.
That's just the type
of person she is.
She makes everyone else
around her happy.
- Oh, this is cute. Okay.
- Not bad little room, huh?
- Nice, nice, nice.
- Nice little setup.
- I appreciate--
- Hey, Ravioli, no.
- Hold up. Hold up.
- Ravioli!
- Ravioli, get out.
I left a present for you
on your bed.
- Ahh!
That's what I'm talkin' 'bout.
Anything is possible.
- And the peach.
- And a peach.
- And a
- And you know I love peaches.
- Hello?
- Hey.
- Hi.
- What are you doing?
- Let me ask you something.
What do you think
of this vanity, though?
- Oh, it's real nice;
it's cute.
It's very her.
She deserves it.
- Thank you.
- You know, I may come in here
and, you know, borrow it.
- Yes, yes, yes.
- You know, and take--
- Well,
Jeremiah put it together.
- Of course he did.
Of course he did.
- Girl.
- Angel.
- Now she a little sweetheart.
- Now she gonna be
throwing at you.
- Oh!
- Okay. Okay.
- Sounds like fun to me. Rawr.
- I can't hear you.
What did you say?
- I can barely hear you.
[bleep].
- Come on, boo. Hey, love.
Hey, beautiful.
You look--oh, you on the phone.
I was like,
"Why are you holding
a beer can to your head?
- I love Bethany.
She has big old chi-chis,
and she has really good,
positive energy.
- So I had to have
a housewarming present for you.
- You love me.
- I knew...
- You could have just told me.
- What you like.
- I could have just told you
from the start, huh?
- You could have just said,
"I'm in love with you,
so I got you what you needed."
- From everything I heard,
I think I'm already in love,
so there you go.
Bethany is exactly what I was
pretty much expecting.
Super energetic,
nothing but positivity,
and I feel like this is gonna
be great for the house.
- All right. Hey, to the first
night with Bethany.
Welcome.
- Whoo!
- Glad to finally meet you.
Cheers.
- Welcome back.
- Let's get to it, son.
Game time.
- Welcome back, Bethany.
- Whoo!
- Oh, yes, girl.
- Y'all played circle of death
with the cards?
- Hell yeah. Let's go.
- Each card's gonna be
something different you
gotta explain about yourself.
- Like a first impression?
- Yeah.
A first impression
type of thing.
- Circle of death it's just
your first impression
of everyone.
All right.
- Jack.
- Jump to your
first impression.
- Yeah.
- About anyone.
- When I med Codi
for the first time
I thought
he was bougie as hell.
- Well, that's true.
- And you was right.
- It's, like,
and he still is, though.
He still is, though.
- Ace.
- Yeah.
- Ask the person to your left
an uncomfortable question.
- What's the best Gus
you've ever [bleep]?
- Wow.
That's just disrespectful.
- The better hunter
out of the two Guses
is obviously the one that put
the big-ass rock on my finger
then this big-ass belly on me.
Well, I'll say, no offense,
Gus, but obviously my fiancé.
- Jack. What's that?
- Jump to first impression.
- I'm gonna do everybody.
- Candace gets it.
She goes, "Okay.
I'm not gonna tell the truth
about one person.
I'ma tell it about everyone."
And I'm like, "Okay."
- Everybody's first impressions
can be wrong,
so my first impression
of you, Kirk, I was like,
"Oh, this is the Black guy?
Okay." I'm just kidding.
- Deadass. Me too. Me too.
- Wow.
- Damn.
- Y'all, my opinions
were so wrong.
I thought Nilsa was quiet.
Do y'all realize how wrong
my was? Like--
- That's her point. The first
impressions are always--
- Like, I thought Nilsa was
quiet. I thought Codi was gay.
- Why? Really?
- You had your--
you had your thing popped.
I did.
I thought you was gay.
I'm just gonna be honest.
I did. I'ma be honest.
- No. That's fine.
- Aimee. I was like, "Damn.
"She is country as
I ain't never met nobody
as country as you are."
- I am country.
- Like, I--no.
Bitch, I ain't never met nobody
that was as country.
- Hey, tell the truth.
- Like, when you said--
- Tell the truth
how you said about us,
what you said the last time
we played this game.
You thought she was racist.
Did you not say that?
'Cause we're doing that.
- 'Cause you was so country.
I did, at first.
Until, like, we went upstairs
and put our bags away, and--
- If you gonna keep it real
with us three, then you're
gonna keep it real on her.
That's all I'm saying.
- I said she was--
- I had to say it.
I had to bring it up.
- Good night, you guys.
Come on. Let's go to bed.
This is getting super personal
and awkward,
so I need to plan my escape.
- I can't believe you thought
I was racist.
- At first.
- Oh, that breaks my heart
that you said that.
- My first impressions was
completely wrong about people.
- Put that on there.
- But that's all I'm saying.
Ooh, what y'all think of me?
Tell me. Tell me.
Tell me what you thought.
- I thought you was
a tennis player.
I thought you was an...
- Oh, girl, no.
- Athlete.
- I ain't no tennis player.
- No negative
I was just happy to see
another Black folk,
but obviously, she wasn't
happy to see me then.
- Oh, my God. Okay, so he's
taking it personal.
It's not like that.
- I did take
that personal, Candace.
- It's not personal.
- You said,
"This is the Black guy. Next."
Like, come on.
What the was that?
- I didn't know what to think.
- I got you.
- I really didn't know...
- I'm not mad or nothing.
- What to think.
- I'm gonna get something
to drink for me.
- Okay.
What did you think of me?
- I just thought you were
educated,
'cause you're well-spoken,
and I was like...
- I am. I am well-spoken.
- "All right.
She definitely went to college
or something,"
'cause none of us are.
We don't know
how to talk.
- First impression
I was like...
- In love.
- You don't even
remember me, bitch.
- Honestly, I'ma be honest.
You didn't have anything
that stood out yet, but then
after I got to know you...
- Oh, okay.
- And then, like,
you started talking--I mean
I'm being honest.
- Well, it's fine. Be honest.
- No, I am.
I just--when I first
come into the house,
and I heard you talk,
I was, "Oh,
Okay, now she's from Alabama.
I'm from South Carolina.
Okay. We kind of--we
might can get along."
- You wanted to date her.
You know you wanted to
her, and I ain't mad at it.
I'm not tripping,
but it's just the fact
that you know it's true.
- We just kind of clicked.
- And you settled for
the Black girl,
because that--you thought
that I would go for you.
- That's an argument you're not
trying to have right now,
'cause Candace gonna turn up.
- That's not true at all.
- That's your perception.
Don't say he settled
for the Black girl.
- But that's what it was.
He settled for the Black girl.
- No. I don't feel like--
- That's not true at all.
- It's the truth.
It's the truth.
♪ ♪
- You were also inviting
your sister this time.
- No,
this stupid
- No, I look back--
- Gus, stop.
- No. Gus, come on.
This is what
we're talking about.
- Whoa!
- Watching Candace and Bethany
wrestle
on the slip-n-slide right now
it's like...
I'll be right out.
- This is looking really
ebony and ivory.
I'm like, "Okay. All right.
I'm for it."
- This is fun.
Aw!
- You settled
for the Black girl,
'cause you couldn't get Aimee.
- All right, I settled.
- I think that that's...
- Just admit it.
- Way too much.
- Okay.
- It's the truth.
- That's not a
settlement, though.
- All right.
- Girl, why it matter
about Codi wanting to date you?
You don't want him.
You never wanted him.
- I mean, I don't understand
how's I can explain myself.
- What she's saying is that
from her perspective
as a Black woman
it's more difficult.
Black women don't get
the privilege
of preference like Black men.
- We don't!
- You're gonna get--
- It's automatically,
"If you want me..."
I should want you back.
- And that's how--that's
our perspective.
- Bethany is like
a translator for me.
She's able to say things
in such a really great way,
and it doesn't always
come out the best for me.
- Y'all need to kind of
sometimes handle Candace
with gloves
that are a little bit softer,
because as a Black woman,
we're fighting sexism
and racism.
No one else
is gonna understand it.
He's only fighting racism.
She's only fighting sexism.
Y'all are white men. Y'all are
at the top of the totem pole.
- Thank you.
- So what...
- I do understand where Candace
is coming from now,
especially the way that
Bethany explained it to me.
Like, fact of the matter is,
is, Candace has a hard time
expressing her feelings too.
She usually is the tough girl
when you ask her what's wrong.
"No, I'm good. No, I'm good."
- When it comes to stress
or heartache or anything
she is the--she's in the worst
predicament as far as...
- The worst position.
- Society.
- At this point, I feel like
we cracked through that
a little bit, and she was
finally able to open up.
- I actually have
a harder time here...
- But--
- But I have to put on
a bigger
smile than anybody else,
'cause the minute
that I have an attitude...
- You are...
- Oh, bitch.
- An angry Black woman.
- It is a motherriot
in this place.
- Well, if I have ever--
- And no one gets it.
- I am sorry for that.
- I don't need an apology,
Codi.
It's just that that
right there, Codi, is an issue.
It's not an--I don't
need an apology.
It's just the matter of the
fact that, like, I get it.
- Well, how can I fix it?
- No.
- How can I fix it?
- Can you listen to me?
- Can you actually...
- Okay yeah.
- Listen to me?
What I'm saying is that
it's not about an apology.
I don't need an apology
from anybody.
I really don't.
There's a lack of understanding
for what I have to go through
on a daily basis.
- All Codi wants is you
to explain to him...
- What he can do to fix this.
- All your own basis. Yeah.
- What can he--
- That's all I need to know.
- They need to know what they
can do as white people.
- I'm happy to let a whole lot
off my chest,
to let them know
exactly how I'm feeling
and why they may feel like
there's a wall up with me.
Let me use an example
for somebody
that's completely opposite me.
Gus is a white male, right?
When I realized
that I was being inconsiderate
about his toe
I started asking questions
about his toe.
You started opening up
about your toe. Did you not?
- Yeah, I did.
- All right, a little too much.
- How's your toe?
- You never saw the original
X-ray of it, did you?
- No.
No, I actually did not know...
- You need to see it.
- It was that bad
until you pulled it out.
- It shattered in, like,
eight pieces.
- Damn.
So what was that a result?
'Cause I asked questions.
You understand what I'm saying?
So you thought you had
a perception that I cared,
because I asked questions.
- Yeah.
If you put in the effort to,
like, actually ask...
- The effort to ask questions.
- What's wrong or--yeah.
Yeah, for sure.
- So when you feeling
some type of way...
- So...
- You want them
to ask questions?
- Sometimes questions,
because questions is attributed
to somebody that cares.
Now, I can honestly say Aimee
will ask me how I'm feeling.
Things like that. That's not
the case for everybody in here,
and I understand.
I don't do that
for everybody here,
and I haven't always done that
for Gus, 'cause y'all...
- Was about to say.
- You know me and Gus--
- I didn't want to--so last
summer or last vacation...
- No. You're right.
- Nobody asked me
how the I felt.
- And you're right,
but, Gus,
you have to understand me
and you ain't never liked
each other, and so--
- And didn't I say
that wasn't true?
I said I've never had
a problem with Candace.
I never got why
you didn't like me.
- You treat me so differently
than you treat Aimee
and the other people.
- Please tell me how. Please.
- Oh, here we go.
- Oh, my God, Gus.
- I'm saying y'all haven't had
a real conversation.
- Hold on, Gus.
- I would like to hear--
I really would like
to hear how.
- Hold on, Gus.
Please. Let's go there.
You treat Aimee--
you will talk to Aimee.
You will talk to Nilsa and
will literally ignore me, Gus,
so what do you think
I'm supposed to take--
- That's not true.
- Yes, it is.
- No, and let me say, in St.
Pete, when you got into it,
I think it was with Codi.
You went upstairs by yourself.
Who was the one that came out
of the bathroom and said,
"Candace, are you good?"
I know what it's like...
- You did.
- To feel alone in this house.
I don't want you
to feel that way.
- All people to come
and check on me
I honestly didn't expect it
to be you, and that's crazy.
Thank you
for coming to check...
- Yeah. I got you.
- On me.
I really appreciate you.
- Are you okay?
- But, Gus,
have I not tried sometimes...
- Candace...
- On you?
- You just said
I've never done that.
I just showed you
where I did that.
Candace's logic
about how we both
don't like each other
makes no sense.
Like, I've literally
gave multiple examples.
I'm sorry for the things
I said to you.
- Gus, I have no--I
don't--at this point,
I apologize for...
- And I apologize too.
- What I said,
and that's not right.
- It's completely unacceptable
for a man
to put a hand on a woman.
- I appreciate
how much y'all care.
- And it just, like,
doesn't resonate at all,
so I don't really think there's
anything I can say to make her,
like, see that, like, "Yo,
Candace, I do care about you."
Like, you're a roommate
just like everybody else.
- Listen, I'm just be real.
Your sister called
and threatened me.
- I'm just lettin' you know
if anything happens
to my brother,
I'm gonna personally beat
your [bleep].
- Don't you ever call
and threaten me again, bitch.
And you also invited
your sister this time.
- That's my sister.
- I understand
that's your sister.
I'm not taking away
from that being your sister.
I'm just saying she did call
and threaten me.
- I mean, Hannah does need
to apologize,
just for coming off,
like, brash
to Candace last vacation,
but I mean, it was really
just because she was
being protective over me.
The bond that me
and my siblings have,
like, we're so protective
over each other.
We take care of each other
more than anything
you'll ever notice
or ever see. It's crazy.
No. this stupid
No. I look back--
- Gus, stop.
- And there's no more. No.
Gus, come on.
- Gus, come on.
- This is what
we're talking about.
- No, no, no.
- No, no, no. Come back.
Come back.
- No. Gus, absolutely not.
- A perfect setup.
Now they can talk.
- Sometimes it's better to,
like,
once you feel yourself getting
worked up, take a breather,
go outside and, like,
decompress a little bit
before you start letting, like,
the first initial thing
you think
just spew out of your mouth.
- Gus, no, no, no.
- No. I don't want to talk.
- You're not gonna do this.
- I really don't want to talk.
- Stop, Gus.
- I don't want
to talk right now.
- No. Talk. For real. Talk--
- I just told--no. Please.
- But I'm saying, Gus...
- I don't want
to get worked up.
I don't want to cause--
- If we're gonna--you said
you wanted to talk out.
Talk out, Gus.
- I don't want
to talk right now.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah. I'm deadass.
I really don't want to...
- When I'm sitting here
trying to make [bleep]--
- Talk anyhow.
- Okay.
- Candace, I don't want to
talk.
- but I'm saying--
- Please.
I don't want to get worked up.
I don't want to talk.
- If we're gonna--you said
you wanted to talk out.
Talk out, Gus.
- I don't want to talk
right now.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah. I'm deadass.
- Okay.
- A perfect setup.
Now they can talk.
- Nah. that.
- I'm not chasing after that
- Candace, you were the one
to bring up the sister [bleep],
so you knew that was
gonna get it popping.
- I literally chased after him.
I said, "You're not gonna
talk to me
when I'm trying
to make work."
I'm trying to make
reason of everything.
- Hello.
- Hey.
- You don't want to talk
about this [bleep]? All right.
- Your girl's confused.
Gus seemed cool, but, like,
he got a hot-ass temper.
My girl's too drunk
to say her points clearly.
She keep going in a circle,
and I'm like,
"How do we move this forward?"
- I ain't mad about nothing.
Like, it's just like
I don't even know
why he got up and left.
Like--
- I feel like he didn't
get upset till...
- Bro.
- His sister was brought up.
- But that's okay.
His sister was the that
who called and threatened me
about him running away.
She did that
- I'm just letting you know
if anything
happens to my brother,
I'ma personally beat
your ass.
- You calling me.
Going off on me.
Don't you ever call
and threaten me again, bitch.
You can't whup my ass.
- I thought y'all were--
- No, 'cause she's coming.
- I can't help it.
I'm a natural peacemaker.
Like, I want everybody
to have good times,
but, like, you know,
bringing up old doesn't
always make everything popping.
You have a brother,
and you know you'd cut
a bitch over your brother.
- Mm-hmm.
- So what I'm saying to you...
- And would never say
about my brother.
- Can you give Gus the option
to be like,
"Hey, your sister
really pissed me off.
"Really hurt me.
She needs to come in this bitch
apologizing,
so it don't get to that."
- That's it. That's all it is.
- If she apologizes and says,
"Straight up, I was wrong.
I came at you the wrong way.
I'm sorry."
She come in the gate like that,
are you okay?
- She would have to come
in the gate like that.
I mean, like, come
in the--I mean, literally.
- In the door.
- She can make that door.
None of that
No.
The [bleep]?
You gonna call and threaten me?
- All right. Cool. Fine.
- Just so you know. Never.
Me? No.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Me and Gus are kind of alike
in that, like,
when we feel a certain way
we feel a certain way.
But still, at the same time,
your sister trying
to set me up,
and I don't that.
- All Candace need is
some support, y'all.
- What y'all say?
- She be clowning, 'cause she
feel like she ain't supported.
- I'm clowning because somebody
bringing their sister here
to whoop my ass, and, like--
- And, bitch,
I always got your back.
Like, I want you to know...
- I know.
- I always got you back.
- Yeah.
- Like, my comments earlier
were just because
I wanted you to--I
was--I didn't
feel like you were properly
articulating yourself
when it came
to what you said about Codi.
I just wanted the specifics...
- Oh, sorry, Candace.
- Of what he actually said,
versus what's interpreted,
because what someone actually
said is something
that you have
to hold them accountable for.
- But, you know...
- No. Codi has not said--
- We also interpret
people's words...
- Yeah, because saying--
- Differently.
- Exactly. Like, the fact
that, like,
if it ever got out that, like,
he "settled
for the Black girl,"
and that's what he said,
that's like--
- I didn't say
that he said that.
- I thought he actually said
that. I'm on the outside...
- And that's what
she trying to--
- Looking in, and that's why--
- No.
He did not actually say that.
No he didn't.
- That's the only reason
why I was like...
- No.
- "Hold up, bitch."
- Codi has always said
that he likes all women.
- And, you know--
- I have always said that.
- Yeah. He's always said that.
Codi's a little different.
He's the least of my problems.
I'm not trying to go
I'm sorry.
All I'm saying is that,
look, I have different
experiences, right?
- I don't know what it's like
to be Black in America.
Nor do I know
what it's like to be
a Black female in America.
However, I do sympathize,
and I can have empathy
for the way they are treated
differently in this country.
- She has always, since she's
been a part of this,
not felt enough support
from you all.
That has been my general...
- That's true.
- General feeling, and I--
- And I don't ever want you
to feel like that.
- Girl, every Black woman
feels that way in America.
- I don't want them
to feel like that.
- Aimee, you're
one of my best friends...
- I know that.
- Outside this house.
- You're my best friend, and I
hate that you feel like that.
- I don't even have
another, like--
- That bothers me. I hate that.
- It just feels, like, really,
really good to just kind of,
like, let all of this off,
on the table,
and just let them know
exactly how I'm feeling.
Aimee, I'm not--you
make--you are not the issue.
- I know I'm not.
- You make me feel validated
every single day.
It's just like the person
that needs to get that
is not out here...
- Well, wait, wait, wait--
- So I'm sorry.
My irritation with Gus
is that you're the one
that's inviting your sister
that's threatening me.
You ought to know
that that's gonna be an issue.
Like, I get
she's your blood family,
but we're also living with you,
and your sister threatened me.
There's no way that
you could have thought
that was gonna be cool
with me.
Like, yeah, I'm gonna be like,
"Oh, yeah.
"Hey, Gus' sister
that threatened me
when we were out trying
to look for your brother."
Like, there's no way
that you could have thought
that that was gonna be cool.
That's common sense.
♪ ♪
- Okay.
Of course,
Gus is gonna walk in
and lock himself
in the bathroom.
It's like, "Open the
door,
I'm trying to talk."
Yo, open the door.
First off, Gus,
Candace is gonna see
for anything but what she see.
- But it's, like, dude,
I've made a point
to be nice to her
and, like,
go out of my way to check
on [bleep], and she's like,
"You ain't said a word to me
this whole trip."
The did that come from?
That's a lie you
just pulled out of your butt.
I didn't want to sit there
and argue with Candace
about
that wasn't even true.
Like, I'm trying to be
the better person.
They're still harping
on from the past
about that I've done
and my family have said
or whatever.
- The sister
Hey, I know what you're saying.
- I don't even know
how my sister conversation
got brought up into it.
That literally had nothing
to do with anything.
You're always gonna
take your family's side
whether your family's
in the right or the wrong.
And if somebody
with your family,
you're gonna
with them back.
My sister's not even here
to defend herself.
- Sometimes Candace gets drunk,
and she just likes
to argue, bro.
That's when you just walk away
and say it.
I avoided it every
time I came here.
- That's what I've been
trying to do.
- Good night, boo.
- Good night, babe.
It was a little drama
with Gus tonight.
We'll have
a conversation eventually.
I'm just gonna wait till,
you know, it cools off.
Honestly, it's just so great
to have my girl
there spending the night.
I am definitely looking
forward
to Bethany's breakfast.
She know how to throw down.
- Come on. Let's drink.
- I took melatonin.
I'm gonna pass out.
- Bruh, don't--you ain't going
to--are you for real?
- Yeah.
- ♪ Now the add up ♪
- ♪ Add up ♪
- ♪ Yeah watch add up ♪
- I'm right here. Come on.
Me and PGP get the room
to ourselves tonight,
and we are gonna snuggle.
Sometimes PGP does this,
and it's like...
It's so cute.
- ♪ Pile it up,
count it up ♪
♪ 99,
round it up ♪
♪ Bust it down,
divide it up ♪
♪ Million dollars,
not enough ♪
♪ Pile it up,
count it up ♪
♪ 99,
round it up ♪
♪ Bust it down,
divide it up ♪
- Good morning, baby.
Sorry, PGP,
but some of us love bacon.
- What can I do to help?
- Yeah.
I mean, we starting eggs.
- We're starting eggs?
- Yeah.
- All right.
- So, you know,
that's your thing.
- Nothing like a big family
breakfast after a little bit
of tension yesterday.
I feel like the type of energy
that Bethany
brings into the house
is always trying to look
for a positive vibe,
even in tough situations,
and she can cook, man.
So it's great to have her
back in the house.
- What you doing?
- I'm making breakfast
for everybody.
- For everybody?
You know, there's still kind of
an elephant in the room
with the whole Candace thing,
but, you know,
I'm proud of us that we
can have these conversations.
It's good. It's a step
in the right place.
Me and Candace are good.
We're okay.
I don't know if her
and Gus are okay.
I hope that everything
can work out fine and,
you know, we can continue
to have a great time
on the rest of this vacation.
I only know how to cut fruit
like I'm a bartender, so sorry.
- Waking up this morning,
I haven't felt good all night.
I was in the bathroom
every hour,
and I feel even worse
this morning.
This is the first time
that I have morning sickness,
but it's more extreme
than morning sickness.
It's coming out of both ends.
- Dear Heavenly Father,
we thank you so much
for this food,
for this day, Lord God,
and we just want to ask
that you be with each
and every one of us
as we are in the house
and give us the strength to get
through this entire experience
and this breakfast. Good food.
Good meat. Good God. Let's eat.
- I was trying to hurry,
so don't it blow off the table.
- Uhh!
- You want a biscuit?
- No. I'll get a cinnamon.
- Nilly's really sick.
- Oh, poor baby.
- What kind of sick?
- What happened?
- Like, throwing up and--
- She throwing up.
She's been nauseous
all morning.
- That baby riding her.
♪ ♪
- I want to go check on Nils
and make sure that she's okay.
- Come in.
- She definitely
is feeling very ill.
Like, she's already been
throwing up
a few times this morning.
I heard you weren't
feeling well.
I just wanted to come
and check on you.
So that can't be fun at all.
Can I get you anything?
- I can go look and see
if I can make you some, okay?
- You're welcome.
I feel like the best thing
I can do right now
is something that my mom always
did was bring me crackers
and a bowl
of chicken noodle soup.
Let me know if there's
anything else, okay?
We're gonna be out back there.
Just let us know
if it's a little loud,
and we can probably move spots,
all right, and move it back
to the backyard.
Listen, ladies,
y'all need to wife-up Jeremiah.
- Keep an eye on Ravioli
if you want him to go outside
and play with us
and stuff like that.
- Mm-hmm.
- He's single. He'll bring
you soup when you're sick.
He'll offer to walk your dog.
- Anything else?
- You've got yourself
a real catch.
- All right. Well, I hope you
feel better, sweetheart, okay?
♪ ♪
- It's a pretty day today.
We finally got some sun.
- Yes.
- We want to jump out
on the boat,
but also, we got stuff
for a slip-n-slide.
- Oh, yeah.
- Oh!
- Slip-n-slide.
- Okay. This is gonna be fun.
I just hope
that Aimee doesn't become
another human bowling pin.
- Oh!
That was my shoulder.
- And that we're a bit
more responsible.
- You know, I'm not
getting this one dirty.
I'm gonna go change
into my activity wig.
- Your activity wig.
- Ahh!
- Candace, if you get hit
by one of her breasts, like,
you're getting knocked out.
One. Two.
- ♪ Dodgin' bullets,
duckin' and dabbin' ♪
- Are y'all ready
to slip-n-slide?
- Nah.
- So right now me and the guys
are gonna it set up
the slip-n-slide.
We're grabbing the tarp.
I'm grabbing anything
and everything
I can to weight it down,
soap to make it slippery.
And I'm like,
"Somebody's gonna get injured."
- Want to go on the
slip-n-slide, Nan?
Come on. You want to go
on the slip-n-slide?
- ♪ I got a stripper pole
in my bedroom ♪
- There you go.
- Oh!
- I'm here to have fun,
and you know what?
I'm having fun.
- ♪ Yo,
lookin' fine as hell ♪
♪ you got skills
and I can tell ♪
- Ohh,
- Our calendar boy Codi
is doing more calendar poses,
and he thinks he's doing great.
Yes.
- ♪ Clicked it
and reversed it ♪
♪ And I really showed up
and I worked it ♪
So I'm telling him
he's doing great.
Yes.
- I ain't no hamburger steak.
I'm a filet mignon, all right?
- Oh,
- Oh, Lord.
You tripped and fell.
Oh, goodness.
- I'm ready to go.
Ahh!
- Oh, hell naw.
- Candace, I think she got
a concussion,
because, man,
her head hit that floor hard.
- Ahh!
- Boom.
- That's a concussion.
That's, like--you're not
supposed to do it that way.
- So everybody's having a
good time on the slip-n-slide,
and unfortunately,
I take the first tumble.
Ahh!
Once again,
the wig saved the head.
Hey! Ahh!
- Holy Oh, my God.
- Oh, I think a friend
just broke her neck. Hold on.
- Honestly, I think I would
have had a concussion,
if I did not have the wig on.
- How many?
- Five. One. Two. Four.
Three. One. Two. Eight.
- You're fine.
'Cause I've got a strong head.
The wig is life-saving.
That is why
you have activity wigs.
It's vitally important, okay?
The wig is not just for looks.
It saves lives.
♪ ♪
- I'm pretty much just chilling
over here by myself
due to the fact
that I'm in a boot.
I can't really get it wet.
I don't need to be
near the slip-n-slide,
so I'm just kind of laid out
just doing my own thing.
You know, at this point
anyway it pretty much ends
with just everybody dancing,
twerking, and drinking,
having a good time,
and so as long
as we're having fun,
that's all that really matters.
- Go. Ahh!
- Oh, a fight.
- Wait. What is--what are
we fighting to?
- Wait. You gotta go down.
You gotta go down.
- Watching Candace and Bethany
wrestle on the slip-n-slide
right now, it's like...
Ahh!
- Candace, I don't think
you have much of a chance.
I mean, if you get hit by one
of her breasts, like,
you're getting knocked out.
- No, no, no. No!
- Ahh!
- Yes!
One. Two.
- And Candace and Bethany,
they're out here getting into
this little wrestling match.
Oh, gosh. I wish I was
in the middle of it.
You know, oh, I better stop,
before something
happens in here.
- Get down. Get down.
- No! No!
- You son of a bitch.
- Give her the--
- All right.
- We done.
- Can't you tell?
- You weigh more
than me, though.
- I laid that bitch out.
- You weigh more than me.
♪ ♪
- Aw.
-
- Candace, what are you
doing?
- Huh?
- For what?
- Oh,
Here we go again.
What did I do this time?
- Uh-oh.
Gus has got his arms crossed.
- Fingers crossed.
I told her she needed
to chill out.
- It really makes me nervous
that Gus and Candace
are having a conversation,
because I'm just trying
to have a very relaxing day.
Like, good vibes.
- Whoa.
- There you go.
- Huh?
- For what? You gonna get me
all wet and [bleep]?
- Well, I want to talk to Gus,
because I know
that the energy's weird,
and I'm just trying to, like,
let Gus know
where my frustrations
is coming from.
And maybe I was a little
out of line.
Just a little.
- Fingers crossed.
- Yeah, I'm good.
I'm not mad at you.
- It's okay.
- I told her she needs
to chill out sometimes.
- You and I are both
very strong, bullheaded people
that have been through
a lot of
I think that you and I
both kind of struggle
with the same type
of ego
- Oh, big time.
- And I get it.
- Yeah.
- But to ignore each other
and have to act like
we don't see each other?
That's a hard thing to do
- Yeah. It's rough.
It ain't nothing that
we can't come back from.
We've came
back from a lot worse.
- And they smiling, though.
- I heard some other
- But he's smiling.
They smiling. I sees teeth.
- I hate the fact that we have
to sit at breakfast and,
like, ignore each other
and like that.
- I don't like that neither.
It's...
- You know what I'm saying?
- Uncomfortable for everybody.
- Because that is uncomfortable
for everybody, and I hate that.
I don't like that.
- From the way I took it,
you have, like,
negative energy towards me.
I didn't think there was
any of that this vacation.
- No--
- 'Cause I thought--I honestly
thought, like,
we've been really good.
- Well, here's the thing, Gus.
I've always thought
that you had--like,
you didn't necessarily like me.
- Do you not think
that could be
partially in
your own head though,
and that's not
necessarily true?
- Possibly.
- I don't feel that way.
- It's possible.
- I really don't.
I don't know
where she gets that from.
I really have no idea
where Candace gets that from.
Like, I understand that we've
had arguments in this house,
but, like, dude,
I've had arguments
with everybody in this house.
That don't mean
I don't like 'em.
I just hated it, 'cause, like,
we were just doing so good,
and then it just like--I felt
like it came out of left field.
I was like, "Damn."
Like, I've been trying to be--
- It did, so I'ma tell you
where it came from.
- Yeah.
- 100%. So I walked past,
in the living room.
I heard you talk
about your sister.
I do still feel some type
of way about your sister
calling with the bull
- And that's fair.
I would feel--
- You know what I'm saying?
- If your brother called me
on some
like that,
- Yeah.
- I'ma be just as hot as you.
- So, like, I get it.
I get it 100%.
My sister's honestly
a good person.
And she's got a good heart,
but at the same time,
she's very protective,
and that's why things got
as south as they did
with that whole situation.
And unfortunately,
Candace got the wrath of it.
She's protective over me,
of course.
Like, that's family,
but I told her. I was like...
- Same way I am with my
little brother.
- Exactly.
- I get family.
I'm from the South too.
- And but I told her.
I was like, "Yo, like,
me and Candace might have had
a little bit of riffs last
year for whatever reason,
but, like, as of now,
like, we're good."
- Yeah.
- So, like, any energy
that might have
been there then...
- Yeah.
- It's not like that now.
- Listen, if they give
each other a hug,
then you know
everything's cool.
- It's kind of ironic that Gus
and Candace
are propped up
against a septic tank
working our their
Weird, huh?
- I can only assume
that you might have said
something to her,
and that offends me,
because my friends
and my parents
have no ill thoughts
towards you,
'cause I don't speak bad
about you to them.
- Yeah.
- If your sister was just
that quick to turn up on me
in a conversation,
that means that there have been
some negative conversations
about me.
My peoples are some of the most
loving people in the world,
and I actually would never
in my life
put no bad bud
in their ear about y'all.
- No. For sure.
- I would never do that...
- That's the thing.
- Because--
- I don't want you to think
I put a bad bud,
because that's not the case.
I'm talking--
- But that's
what it seemed like...
- I know where it can seem--
- To me, Gus.
- No. I understand
where it seems like that way.
- Yeah.
- But I want you to give me
the benefit of the doubt.
I 100% see where
it can look that way,
but, like,
I got a lot of for me,
but I'm not a liar. Like, I...
- Yeah.
- Can look you in the eyes and
tell you that was not the case.
- I mean, I see them smiling,
so fingers crossed.
- You see how bad
at anger problems
and how I snap off leash?
Honestly,
that's a family thing.
I didn't get this...
- Yeah.
- From nowhere,
and that's something that,
as a whole, me and my siblings,
we all gotta work on.
And I'll have a talk
with her about that,
because, like,
that wasn't cool either.
- Gus says he gonna talk
to his sister, and I'm like,
"All right. Cool."
We'll see what happens,
but if his sister show up
with the bull
she's gonna meet her match.
And you so you...
- I'll take care of that.
- Inviting your sister here.
I'm like, "Okay.
Well, now, I gotta be
on extra defense mode."
- Yeah.
- So I'm like, "Okay."
- And I--trust me.
I understand, like, the frantic
or the worry
that would come with that,
but just know I'll handle that.
I'll make sure
everything's good.
Trust me. You ain't
gotta worry about that.
- Oh, come on. Hug it out.
- I know I said some
that might have triggered you.
All I can do
is apologize for it.
- And that's all I want.
- Oh, no, but--
- But come on. Give me a hug.
Let's go for it.
- Come on. Let's go.
- I love you. Thank you.
Cheers.
- See?
- It means a lot you came
and talked to me.
- Yeah.
- Perfect.
That's exactly what we needed.
- Talk to your mother
sister, because--
- No I will.
I'll take care of it.
I promise. I ain't gonna
let no happen.
You know, the fact
that Candace actually is coming
and apologizing,
that's all I needed to hear.
That's all I needed to do
to get out of my funk.
I'ma grab a water.
I'll be right back.
I can forgive and, like, forget
pretty quickly, if you, like,
come and actually, like,
give me a genuine apology,
and I feel like Candace
is doing that right now.
- Did y'all make up?
- Yeah we're good.
I think we'll be all right now.
- Good. I'm happy.
- Me too.
Give me a hug,
just 'cause I love you.
- I feel like Gus has matured
a lot since Montana,
and as long as he's putting
his best foot forward
and just trying to be better
every day,
then I'm proud of him,
and I'm gonna support him.
- Are y'all kumbaya, my Lord?
- I'm honestly shocked
how quickly
this conversation happened.
You know, Gus and Candace
are both very stubborn people.
I don't know what happened,
but the fact that they took it
upon themselves this quick
to talk about it? Growth.
- Did y'all fix it?
- We fixed it.
- Aw!
- That's what I like to hear!
Whoo!
- We fixed it.
- That's what I like to hear.
- Yeah, no. I'm surprised, man.
- What, that Candace came
to talk to me?
- 'Cause y'all are both
prideful as
That's when I go to the grill,
make some steaks,
and he was like,
"Everything's good now.
You know, everything's Gucci."
I'm like, "Good. Finally."
- We pretty much explained,
like, yo,
we're both bullheaded as hell.
Like, we gotta both--like,
when you feel a certain way
come talk to me.
- What did I say? I said--
- Like, tell me straight up.
Don't let linger.
- I said to Candace.
I was like,
"You know what's funny?
Y'all are more similar
than you will ever understand."
- I mean it kinda it's true.
Once we got our minds
set on something,
you can't really
tell us
Me and Candace
are both extremely bullheaded,
and I think that's a big reason
why we butt heads
as hard as we do.
And I even told her.
I was like,
"It's one thing to come at me.
"could have handled that.
It's just, like,
"when you start bringing family
stuff into it
that puts me
in a really rough situation."
- Because, like, I get your
sister racking off emotions,
but, like, we were all
looking for you, at the time.
- Yeah, for sure.
- I don't think she knew that.
- No. She didn't...
- So like...
- Know that. All she knew--
- She's racking off of like,
"that."
- All she knew was I ran away.
I could be in danger.
Why did he run away?
Oh, him and Candace
got into an argument.
All right. I'm gonna
Candace up then,
'cause he's in danger,
'cause you pushed him
to do this.
Like, I get the way she thinks,
'cause I think the same way,
and we're both just reactive
and impulsive.
And those protective instincts
just come out.
- Have you told her yet,
or you waiting?
- Well,
I haven't called her yet,
but I will. Like, it's--
- Yeah.
- And it'll be one
conversation. It's not like...
- Simple.
- I gotta be like, "Don't do"--
like, it'll be like--
- Yeah. Literally be like,
"We squashed it."
- Yeah, and she'll be like...
- Everything--it's all good.
- "All right, bet.
Then we're good."
- Yeah that's cool.
- We're the same way
with that kind of stuff,
so it'll be straight.
- What y'all cooking?
- Some steak.
- Give me your salmon.
- Oh, bitch, where you going?
- We going on a boat.
I wanted to go kayaking
with Jeremiah,
'cause I think that we both
are outdoorsy people naturally,
and we like doing a little bit
more active things
than the rest of the roommates.
- All right.
You got your drink?
- Yep.
- Me and Bethany are gonna
go out on the kayaks,
but first, I gotta make sure
that she knows
a little bit what she's doing,
because when I took Candace
out on Lake Havasu,
that girl
was struggling kayaking.
- Oh, I got it. I got it.
- There you go.
- I got it.
- Great job, Candace.
- I don't know how to get back.
- She was just going
in circles,
so, Bethany,
do you know how to kayak
before I get you out
on the water?
- On the right side,
you're gonna go left.
And you're gonna do the left
side you're gonna go right.
- Yes, perfect.
- You know how to swim?
- I am an expert swimmer.
I've had a pool my whole life.
- Okay, 'cause, baby,
you know I can't save you.
- Because of my titties,
I float.
- Bethany is about to hop on
the canoe thingy with Jeremiah,
and I'm like, "Okay."
- I'll be right out.
- This is looking really
ebony and ivory.
I'm like, "Okay."
All right. I'm for it.
- Yeah.
You're holding it backwards.
There you go.
- So cute, you guys.
Jeremiah and Bethany
are looking like they were
in part of "The Notebook."
- I have to be outdoors and do,
like, the outdoorsy
- Mm-hmm.
You can even still hear 'em
talking over there.
- Talking [bleep],
'cause they can't do it,
'cause they wish they could!
- Yeah. Are y'all in love?
♪ ♪
- We can't just be friend?
Damn!
♪ ♪
- It first starts off
on a kayak.
- This is fun.
- Jack Jeremiah is teaching
big-breasted Bethany
how to kayak.
Aw.
- Platonic friendships exist,
bitches.
- ♪ Bam-chicka-wow-wow ♪
- Bethany's a really
great person to be around,
and honestly, we enjoy
hanging out together.
- Thank you!
- This little sunset cruise
I'm doing with Bethany
on the kayaks
is ten times better than the
sunset cruise I went with Codi.
Come on.
Give us a break already.
- Help!
- Anytime you want to go...
- I got you.
- I'm your girl.
- Perfect.
♪ ♪
- Can we go to Build-A-Bear?
I want to build a teddy bear.
I made Gus some strawberry
shortcakes,
because it is his birthday
at 12:00.
I just feel like
with us planning such a thing
for Jeremiah's birthday,
I can already see it being a
thing with Gus one week later.
"Well, nobody did anything
for my birthday."
Like, I can just see it
being a thing,
so I just really want
to avoid all of that.
Oh!
- Everybody.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
- The clock officially
strikes midnight,
and that means I am 26,
which feels terrible for me,
'cause I'm closer to 30
than I am 20,
and that's not fun.
- I worked hard on these.
- Whoo!
- I have strawberry
shortcake for everybody.
- You are so sweet.
Give me a hug.
- Everybody.
- Out of anybody that could
have done something
for my birthday, it's Candace
that made me a cake.
And, you know, maybe our
friendship can really blossom
from this point on.
That [bleep]'s good.
- I made it with real ice cream
and real strawberries.
- Candace made some
strawberry shortcakes for Gus?
What? Y'all are definitely
friends now. That's crazy.
- Gus, this is your day,
so happy birthday, man.
- Happy birthday!
- We love you.
- Yes!
- I made it to 26.
Oh, my goodness.
- All right.
- Oh!
- Damn.
- My nose ring.
- You know, it's pretty cool
that all my roommates
did stay up till midnight.
They're up to wish me
a happy birthday.
- One time
for the birthday bitch.
- One time for the birthday
bitch.
- And we have, like, a
little baby party, and so yeah,
it actually does mean
a lot to me.
- So, Gus?
- Yes, ma'am.
- What's one thing you want to
do differently in this year?
- One thing I want
to do differently is to let go
of any kind of animosity
or any kind of grudges
from things that,
like, I've held onto.
I don't want to hold
onto nothing no more.
I want a clean slate
with everything.
We're all human.
We all up.
You know, the biggest thing
you have to do is just have
empathy and forgiveness
for everybody, and...
- All right. Let's clap it up
for that, y'all.
- Let's clap it up for that.
- Growth.
- I'm like, "You know what?
That brings a little tear
to my eye."
Our boy's growing up.
He's really growing up.
- What is one thing you want
for your birthday, Gus?
- I want to go
skydiving...
- Oh, hell no.
- In another country.
- No.
- I want to go skydiving!
- I'll go skydiving!
- And I want
all of y'all there.
- ♪ It's the good life
special ♪
- Made in Georgia.
- We have planned
a nice camping trip.
- Oh, hell no.
- I'm not going camping.
We gotta get the
out of here.
See ya, suckers.
- Good morning, campers.
We are your co-camp counselors,
and we are here to have fun.
- Campede!
- One of you
is gonna be blindfolded.
The other one is gonna
spin them around,
and then you're gonna try
to get them to the finish line.
- How many spins are you
doing right now?
- Hey, I'm spinning.
- Oh, my God!
- One.
Two. Three.
Puke and rally!
- Hey! Hey!
- We've got a runner!